.TH ITUSB2-ENUM 1
.SH NAME
itusb2-enum \- performs enumeration test via ITUSB2 USB Test Switch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B itusb2-enum
.RI [ SERIALNUMBER ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B itusb2-enum
performs a single enumeration test between the device under test (DUT) and the
corresponding host (HUT), when both are connected respectively to the
downstream and upstream ports of the USB test switch. This test will first
disconnect the VBUS and/or data lines, if applicable. It will then reconnect
the same lines, reattaching the device. After this operation, and after
detecting that the DUT is enumerated,
.B itusb2-enum
will retrieve the results of the enumeration test.

Effectively,
.B itusb2-enum
acts like
.B itusb2-detach
followed by
.BR itusb2-attach ,
with the distinction that it allows the DUT to enumerate, subsequently
retrieving the link status. This command can be invoked repeatedly, or can be
called inside a for or a while loop. You can see some examples below.

Specifying a serial number is optional.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B for ((i = 0; i < 100; ++i)); do itusb2-enum; done
Performs a sequence of 100 enumerations tests.
.TP
.B while true; do itusb2-enum; done
Performs an infinite number of enumeration tests.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Exits with a status of zero in case of success. Returns one should an error
occur.
.SH AUTHOR
Samuel Lourenço (samuel.fmlourenco@gmail.com).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
itusb2-attach(1), itusb2-detach(1), itusb2-info(1), itusb2-list(1),
itusb2-lockotp(1), itusb2-reset(1), itusb2-status(1), itusb2-udoff(1),
itusb2-udon(1), itusb2-upoff(1), itusb2-upon(1)
