.TH ITUSB2-STATUS 1
.SH NAME
itusb2-status \- show ITUSB2 USB Test Switch status
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B itusb2-status
.RI [ SERIALNUMBER ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B itusb2-status
shows the status of the USB test switch, giving detailed information. You can
use
.B itusb2-status
to see which lines are connected, if a device under test (DUT) is detected
and, when applicable, the link mode as well. You can also use it to measure
the current being consumed by the device. This command will also indicate if
the consumption current exceeds the 500mA limit as per the USB 2.0
specification, by displaying "(OC)" next to the value.

You should note that, if the current meets or exceeds 1000mA, the value will
be displayed as "out of limits" by the use of the acronym "OL". In that case,
the possible over-current condition might trip the inbuilt current limit
protection, triggering a generic fault warning as well.

Mind that you shouldn't invoke
.B itusb2-status
right after invoking commands that switch lines on or off, such as
.BR itusb2-attach ,
.BR itusb2-detach ,
.BR itusb2-udoff ,
.BR itusb2-udon ,
.B itusb2-upoff
and
.BR itusb2-upon ,
as it may give you erroneous information about DUT detection and link mode. In
other words, you should allow the DUT to fully enumerate before invoking this
command. Normally, waiting a couple of seconds is sufficient.

Specifying a serial number is optional.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
Exits with a status of zero in case of success. Returns one should an error
occur.
.SH AUTHOR
Samuel Lourenço (samuel.fmlourenco@gmail.com).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
itusb2-attach(1), itusb2-detach(1), itusb2-enum(1), itusb2-info(1),
itusb2-list(1), itusb2-lockotp(1), itusb2-reset(1), itusb2-udoff(1),
itusb2-udon(1), itusb2-upoff(1), itusb2-upon(1)
